{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Chinese Newspapers:\
People\'92s Daily 
\b0 http://www.people.com.cn/
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b0 \cf0 People\'92s Daily is the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC), published worldwide with a circulation of 3 to 4 million. In addition to its main Chinese-language edition, it has editions in English, Japanese, French, Spanish, Russian, Arabic and Korean. People\'92s Daily provides direct information on the policies and viewpoints of the Party.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 %Southern Metropolis Daily {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nandu.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.nandu.com/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b0 \cf0 Southern Metropolis Daily is a comprehensive daily newspaper, which circulates mainly in Pearl River Delta. It is affiliated with Southern Newspaper Media Group. Southern Metropolis Daily is known for its fairness and straightforwardness in reporting
\f1 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Southern Weekly (Southern Weekend) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.infzm.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.infzm.com/}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Southern Weekly is a weekly newspaper based in Guangzhou, China and is affiliated to the Southern Newspaper Media Group. It is considered the most outspoken newspaper in China. It is strongly recommended by liberal intellectuals and is said to contribute to public democratic debate and the formation of civil society. The New York Times has described the Southern Weekend as "China's most influential liberal newspaper".
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 %Qilu Evening News {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.qlwb.com.cn/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.qlwb.com.cn/}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Qilu Evening News is a Jinan-based commercial evening paper and is one of the most circulated newspapers in the world, according to China Daily.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 %Yangtse Evening Post 
\b0 http://www.yangtse.com/
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Yangtse Evening Post is a Nanjing-based commercial evening paper affiliated with the Xinhua News Agency. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 $Caijing 
\b0 http://www.caijing.com.cn/
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Caijing is an independent magazine based in Beijing, China, that publishes articles exploring the challenges of a society in political and economic transition, with a focus on civil rights, public affairs, and business.[1] The publication's title means "Finance and Economics Magazine". Caijing seeks to have an "independent standpoint, exclusive coverage and unique perspective" and much of its success is due to its independent and sometimes aggressive coverage of corruption.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 $Hexun News 
\b0 http://www.hexun.com/
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Founded in 1996, Hexun is one of China\'92s biggest financial information portal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 $Caixin Online
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.caixin.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.caixin.com/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Caixin Online is the online presence of Caixin Media Company Ltd. Caixin is a Beijing-based media group providing financial and business news. Caixin online features investigative news and in-depth analysis of China's markets, politics, businesses, culture, environment, media, law and more. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 $Economic Information {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jjckb.xinhuanet.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://jjckb.xinhuanet.com/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b0 \cf0 Economic Information Daily is a business and financial news publication affiliated with Xinhua News Agency\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 $China Economic Times {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cet.com.cn/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.cet.com.cn/}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 China Economic Times is a business and financial news publication affliliated with Development Research Center of the State Council
\f1 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Yicai {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.yicai.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.yicai.com/}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 China Business Network is one of the largest financial news company in China. Yicai.com is CBN\'92s online presence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 China Youth Daily
\b0 \cf3  \cf0 http:// www.cyol.net/
\f1 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The China Youth Daily is the official newspaper of Communist Youth League of China. It is the first independently operated central government news media portal in the People's Republic of China. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Xinhua News Agency
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.xinhua.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.xinhua.org/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The Xinhua News Agency is the state press agency of the People's Republic of China. Xinhua is a ministry-level department subordinate to the State Council. Its president sits at the powerful Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the highest authority within the Party.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Global Times {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http
\b0 ://www.huanqiu.com/}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The Global Times is a daily Chinese tabloid under the auspices of the People's Daily newspaper, focusing on international issues. The Global Times differentiates itself from other Chinese newspapers in part through its more populist approach to journalism. The Chinese-language version strongly focuses on international issues, the English-language version reports more on China's domestic events.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Legal Daily
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.legaldaily.com.cn/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.legaldaily.com.cn/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The Legal Daily is a People's Republic of China state-owned newspaper under the supervision of the PRC Ministry of Justice that is published in the PRC and primarily covers legal developments.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Jiefang Daily{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.jfdaily.com/}}
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Jiefang Daily, also translated as Liberation Daily, is the official daily newspaper of the Shanghai Committee of Communist Party of China. Its daily circulation is about 700,000 copies.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 China News Service
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chinanews.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.chinanews.com/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 China News Service is a state-level news agency. Liao Chengzhi, former vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, was the founder and leader of CNS.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Ta Kung Pao
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.takungpao.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.takungpao.com/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Ta Kung Pao is the oldest active Chinese language newspaper in China. It was originally founded in Tianjin in 1902 but the current Ta Kung Pao was established by the government of the People's Republic of China after the Chinese Civil War. Widely regarded as a veteran pro-Beijing newspaper, it covers a range of political, economic and cultural topics.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 New Weekly
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22http://"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.neweekly.com.cn/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 New Weekly is a Guangdong-based weekly magazine. It is famous for its sharp comments and long form stories.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 The Beijing News
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bjnews.com.cn/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.bjnews.com.cn/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The Beijing News was co-founded by Guangming Daily and Southern Daily in 2003. It is famous for many award-winning stories and has grown into a very influential newspaper within a decade.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 South Reviews
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nfcmag.com/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.nfcmag.com/index.html}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 South Views Magazine is a Guangzhou-based political and economic biweekly. It is a subsidiary of Guangzhou Daily News Group, the largest news group in China. Time magazine once described South Reviews as \'93a highbrow news magazine
\f1 .
\f0 \'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 Oriental Morning Post
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dfdaily.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.dfdaily.com/}}
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 Oriental Morning Post is a Shanghai-based comprehensive daily that covers 15 cities in the Yangtze River delta
\f1 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 The Guangming Daily 
\b0 http://www.gmw.cn/
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b0 \cf0 The Guangming Daily was launched in 1949 by the China Democratic League, and is a nationwide comprehensive newspaper based in Beijing. Its sponsorship was shifted to various democratic parties in China and the China Federation of Industry and Commerce in 1953. Four years later, the newspaper began to be operated under the direct leadership of the Propaganda Department and the United Front Work Department of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee. Run by the CPC Central Committee, it is now a daily paper targeting intellectuals with its coverage of science, technology, education and culture.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 The Southern Daily 
\b0 http://www.nfdaily.cn/
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The Southern Daily is the official Guangdong Communist Party newspaper, sister to the more lively and commercial Southern Metropolis Daily and part of the giant Southern Media Group. This Guangzhou-based family of papers are known to possess superior reporting and higher level of frankness than many PRC mainstream press outlets.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b \cf0 South China Morning Post
\b0  http://www.nanzao.com/
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0 \cf0 The South China Morning Post, together with its Sunday edition, the Sunday Morning Post, is the first English-language Hong Kong newspaper, published by the SCMP Group with a circulation of 104,000.
\f1 \
}